Unreleased Geki-rare
(Extremely Rare) Talk!
First, Watanabe Miho-san will share a Geki-rare story
she has never revealed to the media before!
Watanabe-san, this is your
first time on Geki-rare, right?
Yes, it's my first time.
Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, too!
Watanabe-san and Wakabayashi-san
worked together for a long time.
That's right.
What do you think about
Wakabayashi-san in Geki-rare?
Well...
What are you laughing at?
You laughed at an inappropriate moment!
We worked together for 4 years.
-Yes, on the Hinatazaka show.
We see each other regularly.
But after I quit being an idol,
I only meet him once in a while.
I'm a little embarrassed now.
I see.
I'm a little nervous.
But I'm so happy to see him now.
It feels reassuring.
You are reliable.
I'm grateful.
You must be happy.
Wakabayashi-san, what do you think of Watanabe-san?
In that other show, Watanabe-san was part of the second generation.
I thought she would become the main focus.
But she suddenly quit being an idol.
She suddenly graduated!
You said it like I did something bad!
No, you didn't!
That's right.
She can do many things.
Like Kasuga, she's good at sports.
And there's a lot of memorable scenes
where she fights with Kasuga.
So you're good at sports!
She didn't lose to Kasuga in strength.
She's powerful.
I think of him as a rival.
Watanabe-san, have you ever
had a rare experience?
Well...
I don't think many people
have had this experience.
I quit university after only two days.
Is that so?
Yes.
I've never talked about this
in public before.
I became an idol in the
summer of my third year of high school.
It was in the middle of
the entrance exam period.
My parents wouldn't approve of me
being an idol if I didn't go to university.
So I enrolled to university.
However, I thankfully became
so busy with my idol activities.
So after two days, I thought
I couldn't continue on with university.
It broke my heart.
And I quit university after two days.
Why did you only tell me this story now?
That's right!
It's a very good story!
It's a story from six years ago.
While you were an idol, had you ever thought
back that you quit university in two days?
I did! -You never said it!
I thought about it all the time!
I feel bad about it.
I didn't know at all!
It was a bold decision!
Thank you very much!
It's a wonderful story.
In this story, there are only six members of the club.
The members of the basketball club and the coach who participated in the national
tournament appear.
Originally, the basketball club had a large number of members.
In the first month after entering the university, the teachers told me to drop out
of the class.
I was worried about what would happen in the future.
So I quit the club.
Only six members remained.
A small basketball club with a large number of members that no one expected.
The coach made a secret plan to face Kyogo High School with six members.
Here it is.
HASHIRANAI BASKETBALL At first, everyone was like, what is this?
Manager Wanaka has finally gone crazy.
But I can't say it.
It was like that at first, but I got used to it.
Now I'm used to it and it's our basketball.
It's okay to broadcast.
We play HASHIRANAI BASKETBALL.
We are doing HASHIRANAI BASKETBALL.
I was expected to participate in the national tournament.
You have too much love for basketball.
Are you going to stop the recording?
Six members participated in the national tournament.
In fact, there was a sign of reformation in the school.
In fact, the board of directors has changed.
A new chairman has been appointed.
Now we are struggling to rebuild the school.
The chairman made a reform.
He made the school a reggae club.
It's sudden.
Reggae suddenly.
It's a very good reggae.
Let's listen to it.
Here it is.
It's a very reggae.
There is also a love song.
Where do you sing?
It's a love letter.
It's a new effect.
I don't know what to do.
What do you think?
When the chairman changed, we heard that the effect would change.
When I first heard it, I didn't know how to sing.
I don't know if I can sing from here.
I'm worried.
I don't know how to sing.
Reggae is like this.
I don't know the chorus.
I think it's a cool song.
It's a good song.
Do you all sing?
We sing during the cleaning time.
Do you all do it?
We do it.
Didn't you think of putting up the ceiling before that?
That's right.
If it were me, I would have done it.
I have a beautiful heart.
The school is also doing its best.
In the main story, it is clear that both lives are beyond imagination.
When I go to the bathroom, I put on an umbrella.
It's raining hard.
It's like the entrance of a hotel.
It's like a waterfall monument.
In addition, Overcoming various difficulties like this, All you have to do is get
stronger.
I've come this far.
There will be more incidents in the basketball club.
KONNO will escape from school.
Five people are too dangerous.
The road to the national tournament that overcame the difficulties.
However, a new wall stands in the way.
Before the national tournament, It's like a preliminary round.
The 28 schools of Kyogo high school will gather.
There is a national tournament.
What happened?
This is VTR.
What happened to the result?
It's a small touch.
The conclusion of the studio's great excitement.
Abema TVer is missing.